001: Honesty Is the Best Policy: It is usually better to be honest than dishonest. Sometimes honesty may get you trouble or hurt someone, but usually telling the truth is less harmful than lying. Dishonesty can result in guilty feelings, cause distrust and ruin your reputation. One of the worst things about lying is that it cause a guilty conscience. Even if no one discovers the lie, you will know about it, and it will bother you for a long time. Is a lie worth all that guilt? Another problem occurs when you lie to someone, and he learns the truth and discovers your lie. Then you will really be in trouble. He will be angry because you were dishonest with him, and he will not feel that he can trust you any more. It is a very sad thing to lose someone's trust. If you lie a lot, eventually you may gain a reputation as a liar. And once you have gained a reputation as a liar, it is very hard to get rid of it. One the other hand, if you are a very honest person, people will trust you, and you will be known for your honesty. Do you still remember the boy who cried wolf for several times? In the end nobody believed  him and all his sheep were eaten by the wolf. All that his lies brought him was shame and unhappiness. Honesty makes you happy and gains a good reputation. A good reputation is better than money in the bank.
 002: Vacation Arrangements: Thank you for coming to this meeting, my students who will be remaining on campus during the 10-day winter break. As the dean of students, it is my reponsibility to explain the vacation arrangements and to have you fill out forms giving the dates you will be on campus. To reduce heating costs, Bulter Hall will be the only dormitory open. All the other dorms will close at 5 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 7 and will not reopen until 6 p.m. on Feb. 16. Once we have your completed forms, we will assign you a room in Butler Hall. Please have all the belongings you will need move to your temporary accommodations by the 7th, as it will not be possible to reopen the other dorms during these ten days once they've been closed. Most college facilities will be closed during the vacation. These facilities included the gymnasium, the college store, and the dining-halls. The library and the computer center will be open, though on a reduced schedule. Only the post office and the college administration offices will maintain their regular hours. Since I imagine most of you are staying here to finish up academic projects of one last or another, let me wish you luck with your work. If you have any special problems, please do not hesitate to contact me at the dean's office.
 003: Bicycles: China is referred to as "The Kingdom of Bicycles". Wherever you go, you may see people riding on bicycles. They ride bicycles to go to work, to go to school, to go shopping and so on. During the rush hour, you can often see streams of bicycles in all directions. In one word, bicycles are the most important and popular means of transportation in china. Compared with cars, bicycles have many advantages. To begin with, they are cheap enough for every family to buy. Secondly, they are convenient. With a bicycle, you can go wherever you like and you don't have to find a parking-lot in a crowded street or have a garage at home. Thirdly, they don't use fuel, so they are pollution-free. Finally, cycling has become a kind of sport that many people like. However, bicycles also cause a lot of problems. Bicycles can be placed everywhere, and as a result, they make the streets more crowded. Everyone can ride on a bicycle. Consequently, those who don't obey traffic regulations cause a lot of accidents. If these problems can be solved, bicycles will add more joy to our lives.
 004:Bicycle-An Important Means of Transport in China: Bicycle have become more and more popular in China. Wherever you go, you may find many people fiding on bicycles to go to the office, to do shopping, to visit firends, to go to school and so on. During the rush hour, you can often see a boiling sea of bicycles in all directions. And China is sometimes called the Kingdom of Bicycles as it has the largest number of bicycle riders with millions of bicycles made every year. All these show that bicycles are the most important and popular means of transportation in China. Compared with cars, bicycles have many advantages. Firstly, they are not very expensive and almost every family can afford to buy and repair them. Secondly, though they run more slowly than cars, bicycles are very handy and convenient with a bicycle, you can go wherever you like and needn't look for a large parking place in a crowded downtown area or get a garage at home. Thirdly, bicycles don't cause air pollution. On the contrary, they do good to your health. In addition, it is much easier to learn to ride a bicycle than to drive a car. There are so many uses of bicycles in China that everyone can name some of them. But the first important use of bicycles is as a means of transport. Then people think it's good exercise to ride on a bicycle and bicycles don't pollute the air. Perhaps in the near future bicycles will play a more important role in our lives.
 005: True Friends: Friends play a very important part in everyone's life. Friendship usually develops during childhood. New Friends are made when you progress through school. Those friends that you make as a student can usually last long. Friends influence your development, maturity and sense or responsibility. A familiar expression is "You can tell a lot about a person by knowing who his friends are". Friendship is based on common interests. If you like sports, most of your friends are likely to be athletic. If you enjoy reading and shopping, most of your friends do the same. Some people call you their friends for the wrong reasons. These people are not real friends. They are superficial, only "friends" on the outside, not the inside where it counts. Superficial firends only want to be your friends if it is to their advantage. True friends are there whether you are rich or poor. It is easy to have many so-called "friends" if you are rich. True friends are difficult to find. You can consider yourself lucky if you have one true friend. The true friend is eager to help you whenever necessary. True friends support you, take your side, and build up your confidence.