001: Honesty Is the Best Policy: It is usually better to be honest than dishonest. Sometimes honesty may get you trouble or hurt someone, but usually telling the truth is less harmful than lying. Dishonesty can result in guilty feelings, cause distrust and ruin your reputation. One of the worst things about lying is that it cause a guilty conscience. Even if no one discovers the lie, you will know about it, and it will bother you for a long time. Is a lie worth all that guilt? Another problem occurs when you lie to someone, and he learns the truth and discovers your lie. Then you will really be in trouble. He will be angry because you were dishonest with him, and he will not feel that he can trust you any more. It is a very sad thing to lose someone's trust. If you lie a lot, eventually you may gain a reputation as a liar. And once you have gained a reputation as a liar, it is very hard to get rid of it. One the other hand, if you are a very honest person, people will trust you, and you will be known for your honesty. Do you still remember the boy who cried wolf for several times? In the end nobody believed  him and all his sheep were eaten by the wolf. All that his lies brought him was shame and unhappiness. Honesty makes you happy and gains a good reputation. A good reputation is better than money in the bank.
 002: Vacation Arrangements: Thank you for coming to this meeting, my students who will be remaining on campus during the 10-day winter break. As the dean of students, it is my reponsibility to explain the vacation arrangements and to have you fill out forms giving the dates you will be on campus. To reduce heating costs, Bulter Hall will be the only dormitory open. All the other dorms will close at 5 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 7 and will not reopen until 6 p.m. on Feb. 16. Once we have your completed forms, we will assign you a room in Butler Hall. Please have all the belongings you will need move to your temporary accommodations by the 7th, as it will not be possible to reopen the other dorms during these ten days once they've been closed. Most college facilities will be closed during the vacation. These facilities included the gymnasium, the college store, and the dining-halls. The library and the computer center will be open, though on a reduced schedule. Only the post office and the college administration offices will maintain their regular hours. Since I imagine most of you are staying here to finish up academic projects of one last or another, let me wish you luck with your work. If you have any special problems, please do not hesitate to contact me at the dean's office.
 003: Bicycles: China is referred to as "The Kingdom of Bicycles". Wherever you go, you may see people riding on bicycles. They ride bicycles to go to work, to go to school, to go shopping and so on. During the rush hour, you can often see streams of bicycles in all directions. In one word, bicycles are the most important and popular means of transportation in china. Compared with cars, bicycles have many advantages. To begin with, they are cheap enough for every family to buy. Secondly, they are convenient. With a bicycle, you can go wherever you like and you don't have to find a parking-lot in a crowded street or have a garage at home. Thirdly, they don't use fuel, so they are pollution-free. Finally, cycling has become a kind of sport that many people like. However, bicycles also cause a lot of problems. Bicycles can be placed everywhere, and as a result, they make the streets more crowded. Everyone can ride on a bicycle. Consequently, those who don't obey traffic regulations cause a lot of accidents. If these problems can be solved, bicycles will add more joy to our lives.
 004:Bicycle-An Important Means of Transport in China: Bicycle have become more and more popular in China. Wherever you go, you may find many people fiding on bicycles to go to the office, to do shopping, to visit firends, to go to school and so on. During the rush hour, you can often see a boiling sea of bicycles in all directions. And China is sometimes called the Kingdom of Bicycles as it has the largest number of bicycle riders with millions of bicycles made every year. All these show that bicycles are the most important and popular means of transportation in China. Compared with cars, bicycles have many advantages. Firstly, they are not very expensive and almost every family can afford to buy and repair them. Secondly, though they run more slowly than cars, bicycles are very handy and convenient with a bicycle, you can go wherever you like and needn't look for a large parking place in a crowded downtown area or get a garage at home. Thirdly, bicycles don't cause air pollution. On the contrary, they do good to your health. In addition, it is much easier to learn to ride a bicycle than to drive a car. There are so many uses of bicycles in China that everyone can name some of them. But the first important use of bicycles is as a means of transport. Then people think it's good exercise to ride on a bicycle and bicycles don't pollute the air. Perhaps in the near future bicycles will play a more important role in our lives.
 005: True Friends: Friends play a very important part in everyone's life. Friendship usually develops during childhood. New Friends are made when you progress through school. Those friends that you make as a student can usually last long. Friends influence your development, maturity and sense or responsibility. A familiar expression is "You can tell a lot about a person by knowing who his friends are". Friendship is based on common interests. If you like sports, most of your friends are likely to be athletic. If you enjoy reading and shopping, most of your friends do the same. Some people call you their friends for the wrong reasons. These people are not real friends. They are superficial, only "friends" on the outside, not the inside where it counts. Superficial firends only want to be your friends if it is to their advantage. True friends are there whether you are rich or poor. It is easy to have many so-called "friends" if you are rich. True friends are difficult to find. You can consider yourself lucky if you have one true friend. The true friend is eager to help you whenever necessary. True friends support you, take your side, and build up your confidence.
 006: The White Lie: Have you ever noticed advertisements which say "Learn a foreign language in 6 weeks, or we pay your money back. From the first day your pronunciation will be excellent. Just send..." and so on? Of course, it never happens like that. The only language that is easy to learn is the mother tongue. And think how much practice that gets. Before the Second World War, people usually learn a foreign language in order to read the literature of the country. Now speaking the foreign language is what most people want. Every year many millions of people start learning one. How do they do it? Some people try at home, with books and record tapes; others go to evening classes. if they use the language only 2 or 3 times a week, learning it will take a long time, like language learning at school. A few people try to learn a language fast by studying for 6 or more hours a day. It is clearly easier to learn the language in the country where it is spoken. However, most people cannot afford this, and for many it is necessary. They need the language in order to do their work better, for example, scientists and doctors chiefly need to be able to read books and reports in the foreign language. Whether the language is learnt quickly or slowly, it is hard work. Machines and good books are helpful, but they cannot do the students' work for them.
 007: Punctuality: Punctuality means observing regular or appointed time. A man who gets up at seven o'clock every morning is punctual. A man who has promised to call on a friend at five o'clock in the afternoon and actually does so at that hour is also punctual. Punctuality is a good habit, and unpunctuality is a bad one. A few minutes delay may not be a serious matter, but it may have bad results. Getting up five minutes later than usual, may upset the plan of the day. Calling on a friend five minutes later than the appointed time may cause him some unexpected trouble. Moreover, habitual unpuncatuality leads to indolence and even failure in life. One delay after another makes a man unable to trust himself. It also proves him to be untrustworthy. Those who are unpuctuality should try their best to get rid of bad habit. In doing this, they should avoid making any kind of exception. They should never say to themselves: "A few minutes, delay does  not matter this time. I shall never be unpuctual again." Those who think in this way will find excuses for delay from time to time, and will at last give up the attempt to cultivate the good habit. Like all other good habits, punctuality becomes second nature with those who have duly cultivated it.
 008: Is Honesty Always the Best Policy?: There is a proverb that goes "Honesty is the best policy." and it seems as true as it was when it was first coined. The most important element in human relationships, whether business or personal, is trust. If you damaged or destroyed. Furthermore, if your dishonesty is not discovered, you will have to go to great lenghts to conceal it. A breach of trust can quickly grow as you tell lie after lie in an effort to conceal your original deceit. Soon even you may be unable to distinguish the truth. Thus it is better to stick to the truth. However, telling lies is often a way of communicating appropriately with others. This kind of lying is not morally wrong and does not affect our integrity as good human beings. For example, there is a polite formula we use when we meet a person for the first time. We say, "Your name has been ringing in my ears for a long time. " when in fact we have never heard of the person before. But without these nice words, the conversation might not start well. When we meet someone we don't know, we say, "Nice to meet you!" Perhaps actually we are not so pleased to meet them. But this kind of expression is indispensable in creating a friendly atmosphere. Sometimes for the sake of politeness, we are obliged to take our feelings. It is practically unwise to be honest all the time especially when we are dealing with dishonest people. To be dishonest with them does not hurt our credibility. So long as we don't hurt others, telling lies is an acceptable practice. Therefore, we can say that honesty is not always the best policy. It depends.
 009: Living at College or at Home: There are 2 types of college experience: living at college and living at home. It's possible to get an equally good education from one as from the other. Nevertheless, living away has more advantages than staying at home. Students who live at college are deeply involved in school activities. College becomes a world in iteself in which students can devote themselves to study. In contrast, students living at home cannot get into the world of college. It is still like high school. Thanks to living in a dormitory, those living at college have more freedom. The freedom of living at college builds social maturity. They have to get along with many new, unknown people. These help them grow. Students living at home deal most of the time with people they've already known: their teachers and classmates. There isn't enough chance to meet new friends because when classes end, they'll go home. Living at college is better, class discussions can be carried on to dinner table. The library is a short walk away. Students who live at home don't have these advantages. Living at college, therefore, has great advantages. It offers the opportunity to get a better, fuller education.
 010: Haste Makes waste: Many people believe that the faster the better, because they can save time in this way. However, as a matter of fact, the result is far less than being satisfactory and quite often goes to the opposites. I'd like to say haste makes waste. There are two reasons for it. Firstly, when one is in a hurry he's likely to be heedless and careless. He cannot judge the situation fully and react correctly. Therefore he cannot get what he readily aims at. Secondly, haste may allow accidents to take place. In that case, it will hinder one from reaching his destination. Consider the following situation which tells something. Suppose a student is expected to show up and give his presentation at class soon. He is in such a hurry that he may leave his presentation at home or on his way rushing to school he may unfortunately have an accident. Haste makes waste. Everything has its rules in it. We can not strain our efforts and ignore the rules. Remember: Take heed and you will surely speed. It doesn't mean we can just sit and wait it to happen. Instead, we should try our best and at the same time comply with the objective rules.
 011: Where to Spend the Last Day: What is the best choice of a dying person who is sinking fast, to say in a hospital or at home? The choice is hard to make and it depends critically on specific situations. Some people insist that if there is still a ray of hope for the sick, it is better for him to stay in a hospital. Along with advanced equipment, there are qualified doctors and nurses, who are eager to offer the best service, though it will cost some money. Who knows whether doctors will not work wonders at a critical moment? At least they can alleviate the patient's pain. However, a luck star is not always shining over the head of every incurable patient. In most cases, no miracle emerges. Otherwise, he is not a dying person at all. That being the case, some people prefer that the sick person should stay at home with his folks, who love and care about him. No place is like home. Since there is nothing doctors can do to save him, why should he spend a large sum of money staying in a hospital at the end of his life, lonely and sadly? In my opinion, both choices are good according to different situations. If possible, it is better for the patient to make his final choice at his free will because nobody has the right to do it for him.
 012: The Best Age to Be: Each age has its pleasure, and its pains. The happiest person is the one who enjoys what each age gives him without wasting his time in useless regrets. Childhood is a time when there are few responsibilities to make life difficult. A child finds pleasure in doing almost anything. But a child has his pains: he is not free as he wishes, as he thinks people are. A young man becomes free from the discipline of school and parents, when he starts to earn his own living; but at the same time he is forced to accept responsibilities. He has to work hard if he wants to live comfortably. If he breaks the laws of the society as he used to break the laws of his parents, he may be put into prison. If he works hard, he may have a happiness of seeing his own success. Old age has always been thought of as the worst age to be, but the old can have the joy of seeing their children making progress in life. And perhaps best of all, they can have the happiness of having come though the battle of life safely and of having reached a time when they can lie back and rest, seeing others to continue the fight.